well Imran Khan joins me now from laner
in Cyprus Imran I ju just help me out a
little bit with the timelines here we're
talking about the US Pier taking two
months to build yet there's a ship more
or less ready to leave weather
permitting uh we're also saying there
are no logistical distribution uh
Arrangements in place for this Aid when
it gets there so what are the sort of
short-term expectations uh for the ship
that's sitting in port behind you
well there's two things like you say
that are going on here there's this idea
that the US are going to take two months
to be able to build this floating
Causeway which my colleague Mike Hannah
was reporting on that's a longer term
solution that's been met with Incredible
amounts of cynicism for the Palestinians
mainly people saying well if you're
going to if it's going to take two
months does that mean this war is going
to continue for another two months
forget about even having a ceasefire let
me just show you the logistics of where
I am that's the port behind me behind
that crane over there which Nick the
cameraman is about to zoom into is where
the ship is that ship was supposed to
leave at 8:00 p.m. uh Friday evening
hasn't left yet that was because of bad
weather they are hoping it's going to
leave today it has a floating uh Jetty
uh that's effectively on the back of uh
the boat that's how they're going to get
the Aid off uh the boat uh onto smaller
boats and then onto the coast of Gaza
where it'll be driven
uh who actually does all of that who
actually gets it from the boat to the
distribution centers that's unclear
where it's going to land that's also
unclear uh we're hearing now from um
people political analysts and people
talking on local media here that this is
going to happen some point in the next
few hours that boat will actually leave
but it's when it where it gets to and
how long that's going to take us an
18-hour Journey that is all
still we're not we're simply not being
told what's going to happen when we get
there and there's only one real
conclusion you can draw from that
perhaps the organizers don't even know
what's going to happen when they get off
the coast of Gaza okay Iman thanks for
that Iman KH live live for us there in
Cyprus